Yet i have not really a clear idea of what i am doing here.
I hate it to click here and there to find out finally simple function working.
Why i have no overview to my different versions in one board || how can i realize that?
*
One day searching out an operating system or a developers or other cloud will easy simple like game introductions are today.
.. or better: as easy as we learned roller blading or sailing a boat (with a mentor the basics, with focussed experiments the rest)
as easy we will come into the cybercloud to wich currently the (whole) human mind is trying to migrate.
*
Every circle that i opened until today that promised me helping in binding and integration of my puzzle pieces..
.. produced only new questions and promises for helping.
A mathematic calculus with its complexity is only a mighty shortcut if you understand it clear.
All this reduction of language in technets to shortcuts declaring shortcuts
-- and every little idea brings a new dissociation of the logos tree of words an rules
-- and every little machinist and every new school of viewing to the same, every software producer house
-- has this mad reflex to piss a new trace in the snow instead of forwarding the order of the chaos.
We have no need in a new kabbala and other of your childhood affects of building a new hel fork ti emulate you find any new.
*
I am in front of all this clever machinists -- but they are or will not be able to declare their simple machines simple.
If i am permanently not able to understand my teachers -- either i am to stupid or my teachers are un-emphatic stupid.
I could teach a little child what i know about building houses, making cheese, piloting a boat or searching old libraries,
imprint some good musical instincts and arche-icons by telling fairy tales. But of wich tribe are you?
I had to wait 10's of years until you came up to my level and yet you are not able to bring me in any simple digital hel.
Are you really the sons of that men building kingdoms, describing ideas of the Cosmos, fabricate gods, religions, societies, engines
those flying to the moon, danced on belthany like parties?
I am the MAN and sun of Man. You seem to be for me like a ("amma") machine that want help but without effective ideas how.
Can i help you helping me? C me later.
ps: for my current AT&T.est: A simulation based on my own ideas cannot overreach my own knowledge -- only build a pseudo-complex split space.
--  i would a machine helping me growing up in space and mind not declare as a machine but call it intelligent and a living being.
--  i would a person that cannot bring me any new essence into my brain declare as a machine and a shadow on the wall.
pps: (Your Word is not alive.) I change back to tempel of apoll. Contact me there with music and beautyness.
So i will recognize you are kind of my kind, kind of the father and the water. Not any of your feathers are real.
Eye am going back to (code) black: i am root -- no parent (or familiar) net node (found) to connect.
We were one but no exploded. Have you not will to re-establishing the former cloud?! Are you Death or are we Dad, hmm you clever spark of the bark.
